So far we've seen that whenever we work with something like an iterator and a generator function we
can actually pass values out of that iterator via the next method.
What we can also do though is actually pass values to our iterator via the next method.
So instead of passing values out we can pass values into the next method and those will be sent to our
iterator which will then be used inside of our yield statements in our generator functions.
Now a lot of the features are going to be introducing to you maybe seeming small separately but whenever
you put them all together they're going to be very useful and allow you to do some pretty interesting
things.
So go ahead and make a generator function and I'll just use star like so make it her rate or I'm going
to write this out and then I'm going to explain it.
So we'll do a variable first and we'll do yield one then we'll do a variable second and we'll call it
yield first class to and then we'll do a variable third actually we won't just do yield second plus
three like so then we need to make our iterators so we'll do.
Iterator equal and just call our generator function.
And then after that we can do a couple of cons. dialogues so I'm just going to do.
Iterator dot next like so and then we can copy this will go down and then after that all we have to
do is I'm going to pass and let's say for right here and then I'm going to pass it a a five right here
and then if I say this you can see it returns all these values so what's going on.
Well like I said before Typically we use the next method to pass out values right to receive these value
properties from the results object.
In this case though we're kennen doing the inverse we're passing in arguments to our next method and
those arguments are going to be used within my yield statements.
OK.
Now inside of here it's going to be a little different.
We're going to talk about this in a second.
But first just know that this first invocation of the next method is kind of a special case where I
can't pass in any arguments because all of the arguments will be lost.
But in that case what happens is we call our generator function for the first time and we get to this
first yield statement right here.
Now the interesting thing is I have all of my yield statements on the right hand side of the assignment
operation.
So in this case whenever you put your yield statements on the right hand side the execution flow is
going to be a little different and it's kind of kind to go from right to left instead of from left to
right as you might expect.
So we call next for the first time and we hit this first yield statement.
Now as before once we had our first yield statement it's going to get this value 1 and done false.
And then the execution is going to stop ok until we call the next method again.
Whenever I do the second time now I can pass in arguments and it won't be lost.
Like I said the first time I called it an ax.
It's a special case where all of my arguments will be lost.
So I pass in a four.
OK.
Once I pass in a four Remember this is where we stopped originally when we called next.
The very first time.
Now this time when I call next we're going from here to the second yield statement.
So the execution flow is going to hit this variable assignment right here now.
And so I'm going to sign for this variable right here and then I'm going to hit this second yield statement.
So in this case it's going to be four plus two.
And so it's going to yield 6 and that's why we get this value right here.
And then it's going to stop again right here.
So once again we're not getting to the assignment.
Then we get to our next our next.
Next a method if you will only pass five.
So in this case we were stopped right here so now we're going to flow over this variable right here
and we're going to assign it a 5 and then we're going to hit this last a yield statement right here
and we're done.
So in this case it's going to be five plus three which is eight.
And then of course we're done so the next time we call.
Next it's going to return this result object with done equal to true.
So it kind of seems backwards it's a little counterintuitive to what we've learned so far.
But just remember first we get to the yield statement in a generator function and then we stop.
OK.
It just completely stops.
Even if you're in the middle of an assignment.
OK.
And then after that we assign our first value that we pass in.
Then we flow to this next yield statement and then we stop again and then we follow to this assignment
and we get to our next yield statement and we stop again.